Add warning to settings and multi search API reference (#2370)
meilisearch/documentation: reference/api/multi_search.mdx

<CodeSamples id="multi_search_1" />

<Capsule intent="warning">

> If one or more sent queries have an error, Meilisearch will not return any results. In case of multiple errors, the error message will only address the first erroneous query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If one or more of the multi-search queries cause an error, Meilisearch will not return any results. In case of multiple errors, the error message found in the task object will describe only the first error encountered.
```

WDYT of this change? For me it was unclear that the error message would be found in a task object. I also think that "erroneous query" implies that the query was badly formatted, whereas an error could conceivably come from something else.

Reviewer: That sounds good to me Maryam!

Author: I removed the task object part as Meilisearch only shows the error object:
```
{"message":"Unknown field `inexUid` inside `.queries[2]`: did you mean `indexUid`? expected one of `indexUid`, `q`, `offset`, `limit`, `page`, `hitsPerPage`, `attributesToRetrieve`, `attributesToCrop`, `cropLength`, `attributesToHighlight`, `showMatchesPosition`, `filter`, `sort`, `facets`, `highlightPreTag`, `highlightPostTag`, `cropMarker`, `matchingStrategy`",
"code":"bad_request",
"type":"invalid_request",
"link":"https://docs.meilisearch.com/errors#bad_request"}

> If one or more sent queries are badly formatted or cause an error, Meilisearch will throw an error. In case of multiple errors in the query, the error message will only address the first erroneous query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If Meilisearch encounters an error when processing any of the queries in a multi-search request, it immediately interrupts the process and returns an error message. All queries contained in a multi-search request must be valid, or the whole request fails.
```

> If Meilisearch encounters an error when handling any of the queries in a multi-search request, it immediately stops processing the request and returns an error message. If a request contains multiple issues, the returned message will only address the first error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Meilisearch encounters an error when handling any of the queries in a multi-search request, it immediately stops processing the request and returns an error message. The returned message will only address the first error encountered.
```
